Update issue templates (Fix /Add) (#101)
VerzatileDevOrg/Programming_HandBook: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/content-report.md

---
name: Content Report

> about: " ie Copyrights, Grammar, False Info, broken links! "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: "This could be things like copyright issues, grammatical errors, false/incorrect information, broken links/markup."
```
Minor tweak to the stub to make it a little more descriptive as to what goes here.
